# Dimensions Recompiled
A WIP unofficial PC Port of LEGO Dimensions. LEGO Dimensions has been made for multiple platforms. These platforms are Wii U, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. This decomp will use the Xbox 360 Version of the game. **This project does not include assets and must be supplied by you from a legal copy of LEGO Dimensions to build. This recomp also does not emulate the Dimensions ToyPad and it will be required as well as the figures to play.**

# Note To Anyone Wanting To Contribute
The Xbox 360 version of LEGO Dimensions is made in the Next-Gen, Cinematic DX9 version of the Nu2 Engine. However, The analyzer, XenonAnalyze, outputs a TOML file with no jumptable information. If anyone is able to make the analyzer output a TOML file with the jumptable information, I would appreciate it. Thanks! It outputs it like this without spacing:

`# Generated by XenonAnalyse`

`# ---- ABSOLUTE JUMPTABLE ----`

`# ---- COMPUTED JUMPTABLE ----`

`# ---- OFFSETED JUMPTABLE ----`

# The Goal Of This Project
Our main goal is to decompile the game as much as we can. When the recomp is fully completed and verified working, we'll work on making the game to work on PC and update this file to include compiling steps for the port, and what system requirements your PC will need.

# Ports
This project **WILL NOT** focus on porting the game to other platforms at this time. This will change later down the line.

# Why Contribute?
While the game may not be "high-priority" over other games like Mario Party 4, contributing to the project would be appreciated and help revive a game that was amazing for it's time.
